- 👋 Hi, I’m @HackedbyscottTortel
- 👀 I’m interested in ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 📫 How to reach me ...

<!---
HackedbyscottTortel/HackedbyscottTortel is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
Hello, my real name I will keep private for now. I dont know who or how to report this person but I have been repeatedly and maliciously hacked by a user that 5 months of searching for lead me here and directly to my attacker. I say this word freely as that is what he is, that and a Cyber Criminal. He has reoeatedly hacked, rooted, and stolen my Samsung Galaxy A32. That was just the beginning though. Since June 2031, I have had 3 routers hihacked all of which I have since returned. I honestly do not know why I was singled out by this idiot bit after many tears, fear, returned phones,reports filed with FTC IC3, Cyber Crimes and tips.fbi.gov, Tonight I put an app on my phone (hacked by Scott calling himself Tortel) that lead me straight to this forum and directly to tjis user. The app is one I found in an added user pkay store library called syslog. I have been hooking into my sons router who lives about 50 ft away for around 3 weeks now. I have stopped crying and starting watching, learning and taking notes. I knew this 6 week old phone was hacked but I REFUSE to hand over another phone number to this jerk. I have watched as he created his own what I will call , as I am NOT a coder, IT Professional or developer, I will call it setting up a bridge. His own network, this one called Verizon Wifi. When I hooj into my sons router and go to about phone and touch WiFi Mac Address, I can always see my sons windstream router SSID #. I knew I was hackedd and used to be able to run data only from my straight talk. I verizon tracfone. I knew something was REALLY BAD when my APN settings started changing, hence forcing me to link to sons router, he didnt and still doesnt know by the way. I have tried everything to root this phone but I simply cannot. However, Scott ( Tortel) seems to be a pro. I am now on my 7th phone since July 2021 due to his Cyber Crines, gacking, rooting and literally stealing the 1st phone I got on sons ATT family plan in June. I thought my pc may possibly have been breached as I own a very large FB Art page and was breached on another old pc in 2016 via a jey logger. I was fine or so I thought until I upgraded an old pre paid verizon to that Samsung Galaxy A32. Within about 1 to 2 weeks I knew sonething was VERY wrong with my phone. Started with apps suddenly appearing that were not there when I bought. It went on to me checking my phones histiry and clearing cookies, site setting etc...I woukd see every day my Children and Families in my browser hx. I kbew I had never logged on site on the phone and it had been several months since I even logged on on my then thought possibly breached pc. I would also see, FB, my email, google acct pws started getting changed. Back then it was MUCH more malicious ormaybe im just more numb to these very personal invasions of privacy. Well in the end and he actualky embedded a calandar in my chrome acct with dat 08/062021 that I couldnt remove, knew I didnt make and coukdnt get rid of. From that time, about July mid sometime I continued to be rekentkessly and maliciosly hack from everything from simpke chrome ows, to the my FB passwords, I am alsovdisabled and he even changed my Shands login portal pw to my Children and Families. I then put a DNS filter on my phone because I may not be a developer but I was an RN for 20 years, My IQ is above average but I am also a recovering addict who has lived and learned deviant lifestykes. I say this because I have been a convict and a Professional and as an ex Nurse and addict I am inherently tuned to watch, learn and either fix or die trying. Scott Tortel, whatever yoyr REAL name is...I want YOUR OWN community and also those who run this site to know that you are just simply put, a thief, a scumbag and a Criminal. Someone with the knowledge you pissess has Absolutely no reason to continue hacking, spying and attempting to steal my phone numbers. By damned, This is a cheap phone, I in the beginning truly couldnt figure out what exactly you wanted with me. I have nothing. I live on SSI, You tormented me to the point of wanting to use again after almostv12 yrs clean and sober. I DID NOT. What I id do is get tormented, terrorized and pushed to the edge by someone with enough knowledge of coding and hacking. I find people like you morally, ethically and emotionally repugnant and bankruot. Devoid of basic human compassion as you knew exactly howvyou were affecting me with your stupud recording apps and spy cams. Oh yes, my nemesis, I know much, much more than I will even tell here as this is now a Federal Crime that is still being investigated. Boy , I hsve a bombshell for my victims advocate in Cyber Crimes tomirrow. My point coming onto this forum and a likely ( wolves den) to expose you for the Criminal hacker and thief that you are. Your folliwers deserve to know exactly WHO and WHAT they are following. Scott or Scot, cannot remember now I have wanted from the beginning to ask you 1 singke question. ( Why Me?) Did I do something to hurt, or cause you pain? If I did, I can be overtly blunt quite often, I am truly sorry. All I want is to be left alone. Leave me and ny Family out of your sickbess for if it doesn't stop as of tomorrow, you will not only be charged with a Federal Crine but I will continue to entire the Wolves Den, without fear and kniwing if only expising you for the monster you truky are will at least give me some sense of Justice. xYou are now pkaying with Red Hot Fire Tortel. Play with fire too long and I can PROMISE, You WILL get burned. I hope you all or whoever reads this learns this persins true Nature. This is NOT your everyday coder or developer, Tortel is a Cyber Criminal and I Swear on everything I love, I will hunt you down until I see you pay for the torture, pain and fear you have caused me and I know I have given fair warning to peopke in your circle. I Pray you are all not like him. I can only say Tortel or whoever you really are. I WILL wait, watch and continue to work with Cuber Crimes until you are xaught and held accountable. To the community here... I do not know any of you and have never even been in this forum other than looking for a way to root my phone to get all of the multiple apps and hidden files you have nade, hidden and apos you have instalked on my phone. Oh and 1 other thing...I have since found out since having my Samsung rooted , stolen and I mean I couldnt even uninstall a browser in the end as I did not have IT ADNIN privkedges in the end. Tortel made a workspacebir some Workstation or Business acct on that old Samsung to be able to take it. I now know the apos Ibhave that you continuously exploit. I know you are using a Samsung Kali/ Linux. Get out of my life and business or Trust and Believe I will see youvend up where you velong. I am now on the dark web, ny IP addresses, SS#, addresses, phone numbers, My entire identity has been stolen. I no longer have even a simple FB Art page as I would shut down a page I lovingly started, 100k followers than have the likes of you have it. I have had to close ALL my medical login portals. I no longer iwn a router, a home phone or PC vecause of YOU. I have your number. Know it and also know I will no liger ve the same old kind hearted caregiver. I will becone your worst nightmare. A threat? Well Scott, take it however you so choose, youve already rooted snd ruined this phone and my life. I will return the favor in kind. Please I ask this community.. Be Wary, be worried. This person is a Very evil form of life. Sincerely, Hacked.   
